A guide is another DiggerHub account whose ratings are used to fill out
unrated songs.  When you add a guide, the guide's ratings are downloaded and
their rating information is used to create a starting point for unrated
songs.  Any songs with ratings are left alone, guides only provide initial
ratings for unrated songs.  There is no aggregate guide concept.  You add
individual guides whose musical tastes you trust.

Merging is done by title/artist/album.  A song title is required by
DiggerHub, and in the absence of file metadata from the import process,
Digger may synthesize a title using the file path to allow for hub sync.
Songs without proper metadata are unlikely to merge when serving as guide
information for other users.  Local songs that have not been played yet and
are missing title/artist/album values won't be found for merge.

There is no wildcard matching with missing artist/album values.  If a song
does not have album metadata, it will match other songs that do not have
album metadata.  Album metadata is always desirable for a song since a live
version or an extended dance mix version should not get the same rating
values as the original version or radio edit.  It might feel wrong that the
greatest hits album version of the song won't match the original release
version despite being equivalent, but no merge is better than inappropriate
merge.  Merge requires an exact match of title/artist/album.

Guide ratings are fetched and merged when the guide is added, selected for
display, or if the "Check For Ratings" button is clicked.

Guide data and processing information:
  - account.guides (working info rebuilt if guide removed and re-added)
  - cachePath/guide_<guideId>.json (rebuilt if missing or version mismatch)
  - digdat.json (rebuilt if deleted, but without contributed guide ratings)
  - diggerhub Collab historical records written as ratings imported

When you add a guide, your account info is updated on DiggerHub, the guide
is displayed, and fetch/merge kicks off.  Guide data is retrieved ordered by
modified (oldest first) and ratings are merged into unrated songs.  The
fetch/merge process repeats specifying "since" of the most recently received
song until there are no more songs received.

Received guide songs are organized by title/artist/album.  Merge consists of
walking your songs and trying to look up any unrated tracks in the guide
data.  If found, the guide rating info is copied into your song data, the
"filled" count for the guide is incremented, and a hub Collab entry is
created.  The fetch/merge process repeats for each batch of songs returned
for the guide.


