Presentation Classifications:
----------------------------

Social: Music you might choose to play when you have company.  Since your
music is part of who you are, this is probably most songs in your
collection, but there's probably a few you might not choose to spin.  Very
useful keyword to have.

Personal: Music that is meaningful to you even if you might not choose to
play it for other people.  Examples might be songs from your past that are
not your current focus, tracks with great grooves but objectionable lyrics,
and anything else you don't want to represent yourself with.

Office: Music that you can listen to while you work.

Dance: Music you would dance to.


Caegorical Filtering
--------------------

Jazz: There are times when I like to explore just the jazz section of my
collection.

Classical: Usually I will mix classical music in with other music when I'm
generally listening, but sometimes it can be a tough flow in some social
situations so I flag it to be able to include it or not.

Ambient: For me this is a very specific definition referring to music that
can be listented to from zero to near full attention, while also being able
to transition to and from silence.

Talk: Spoken word is ok in some social situations but not others.


Special occasion flags:
----------------------

Solstice: There are certain songs I associate with this time of the year and
it is worth having a keyword to be able to grab them when the time comes.


Obviated or conflated:
---------------------

Morning: For me this turned out to be pretty much the same as "office" but
with a slightly lower energy level.

Brunch: "Ssocial" with low to moderate energy level.

Party:  "Social" witha moderate to high energy level.  Maybe "Dance"

Workout: Basically this is just high energy level.


Not worth it:
------------

40s, 50s, 60s etc: Seem like useful classification info, but it is pretty
much useless unless researching an era.  Bad data and crossover songs make
this totally not worth tracking.

World: May as well call this "foreign" for all the meaning it actually
provides.  Sometimes people ask me for cool international music, and I wish
I had marked my songs somehow, but I it doesn't occur to me while listening.
Not something I would use myself.

Compnote: For a while I was flagging songs that were particularly
inspirational compositionally.  Except later it didn't help much to have
things tagged.  Better to keep notes in a music composition diary.
